sound quality was the same between the two but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features.
i bought mine in december 2003 and have had no real problems with it.
set up was easy, and we enjoyed it for just over a week.
the setup and transfer process was cake for me.
it plays basically every media I have tested so far even an old cd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could not be played on my old $200 sharp players !
5) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative's marketing.
finally, the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the ma audio format sucks flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses, and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store which is you ever plan to pay for your music is by far the best.
3) 4x zoom is nice
get if it is with every penny ! !
it is a compact attractive machine and was easy to set up.
the catch with the canon g3 camera (and perhaps all of digital cameras) is that its unresponsiveness will because you to miss precious shots.
video output stopped working.
there were a few attractive features such as the small size and the layout of the remote.
the software was great as long as you have an administrative user account (windows xp) .
creative are * the * sound people for computers i cannot understand why eax would introduce static.
in addition, it only seems to work if you are about five feet away from the player although that may have been just the batteries that came with it.
great feature list poor reliability.
4) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras.
only 1 problem no accessories ... yet.
it will read and play all cd audio disc.
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections and with no v-hold.
the free (i did not know they still did that) carrying case is really protective and to me it is the only accessory you need (except good headphones) .
I have had this for 3 months now and i am pleased with my decision.
i did not think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $1500 - I am thrilled with my purchase !
→ too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks.
it still fits in the palm of your hand and it is not heavy.
but for what i do use it is perfect.
on the positive side the sound of the player is pretty good once you have everything configured.
7. mediasource did not install on my personal notebook.
the dynamic playlists (" now playing" i believe creative calls it) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate . .
first i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed.
it sends discontinuous signals to tv so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment.
the other thing i do not like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated.
after multiple tries one of the disks was finally recognized, but video was poor and features not available.
as it stands now the case is pretty useless unless you are packing the player up for travel or if you load up all your songs beforehand.
maybe it is my lack of experience but i found shots with this camera very disappointing.
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos jpeg ma cdr / cdr / dvd / dvd and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the riff progressive scan feature.
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players.
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on.
the service from the supplier was exceptional.
amazon is awesome !
well it was nice while it lasted.
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners.
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays a lot of different file like mp3 ma cds jpeg and kodak picture cds dvd's dvd - / + r's.
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd's are dirty.
however, the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times.
all in all trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing happiness of this very embarrassing gift.
- the cover that came with it did not fit very well
software - music match jukebox is not the greatest the search function is not fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut.
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected.
for the price and features it is perfect.
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly.
nice machines but i consider their quality pretty low now.
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper.
the door would not close.
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all the creative media source file transfer issues.
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price you cannot go wrong.
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times not sensitive enough at others.
the g3 had problems focusing on low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed, but after the shutter had been released a few seconds.
so yes as with all software bundled with creative products it was useless and ugly.
it sounds decent but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack.
it practically plays almost everything you give it.
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an" auto" mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use.
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent.
but after 10 days the sound worked but the video quit working.
1) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera.
i have yet to try using all the adjustment options : shutter priority aperture priority light metering adjustments etc. but all controls are well-thought-out and the manual is relatively clear.
it will not play all of my movies.
the first one would not work from the start.
other pluses : changeable battery loads of presets for environments decent construction still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod.
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there.
after we discovered the problems we tried to contact apex (for 3 months) but we never got in touch with them. the customer support telephone number is always busy and they do not answer their web customer support.
it does not have firewire not a real complaint since most windows users do not generally have firewire cards themselves.
overall a very disappointing product.
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks (even in bright light) and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash.
I have had it for about 2 weeks, and it is the best player I have seen and used ever.
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy.
they look fantastic.
i am willing to overlook it is problems to get superior sound quality and low price although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement.
this camera is closest to perfecter than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel.
even viewed cds full of jpgs.
takes excellent photos.
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality clean images.
what a disappointment !
compared to everything else in this category this is most definitely the best bang for the buck.
the other controls are all very easy to use.
the player looked good right out-of-the-box offering lots of features and good styling.
i cannot rate it one star only because when it does work it is pretty good.
2) having unfilled id3 tags will because music to be potentially placed in a folder called" unknown. "
i found using the supplied media source software very easy.
but it seems to work so well now that i do not anticipate any problems with it.
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we are looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon.
working for 10 hours with it on" shuffle" totally rocks ! !
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software.
the zooming lever is shaky i hope it does not operate mechanically otherwise you will feel uneasy.
it would either not play the song at all or skip wildly no matter that the unit was resting on my desk.
both of the problem dvd's would repeatedly freeze during playback while the counter on the player kept going.
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems.
the blue-screen display in the kenny extra model is an improvement but the toggle switch is still tricky.
when you look through the viewfinder (not the lcd) the bottom left corner of the picture (about 15 %) is blocked by the lens.
it has a beautiful design lots of features very easy to use very configurable and customizable and the battery duration is amazing !
well flash photos are never great and there was still a lot of noise.
3) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer like some players
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board.
i find this to be a great feature.
the only thing i would complain about the zen extra is that the controls are not as easy as the ipod's or as" sexy" looking.
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price, but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player.
but the earbuds suck !
like it is predecessor the quickly revised no this player boasts a decent size and weight a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags and excellent sound (widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business) .
it would spin read spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc.
because this camera is beautiful.
they fired away, and the picture turned out quite nicely. (as all of my pictures have thus far) .
I have been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 and the g3 seems to do only slightly better.
it also costs a lot less than the ipod.
the player's mechanics are also flawed.
5) its focusing system is also very flexible.
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly.
I am not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for.
I am easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visible loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet (super fine) .
on my main computer the software did not work right.
however, i do not like to carry it on my belt because the clip is not secure, and the case can slip off.
easy to use small form factor and looks good to boot.
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist and i discovered by accident (it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cdr data disk without cd formatting.
like other reviewers' installation was hell.
this dvd play is basic junk.
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical
the optical zoom is awesome and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom.
this has happened with several dvd's and occasionally if we keep trying something it will work when it did not work one time before.
1) quite bulky (it is about the same size as my minolta vector s-1 apps slr) and uses a heavy battery although not very solid as it is constructed mostly of plastic (unlike canon's elf line)
i called apex's support number numerous times, but it just kept ringing.
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating and the interface with the player is sub-par.
i tried called apex must service no help.
each of the 4 lasted less than six months.
overall I am happy with my toy.
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred you will become frustrated quite quickly.
so far the dvd works so i hope it does not break down like the reviews I have read.
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player. for the first three hours and then it died.
the camera is very easy to use in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group.
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal.
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that I have seen.
cannot say whether i rec'd an" updated" model but it will not read dvd + rw's or vcd's for me.
seriously this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want.
neither message was answered (they ask for 24 hours before replying - I have been waiting 27 days. )
the price compared to the ipod is great.
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me.
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote which is worse than other cheaper apex units.
despite this minor disappointment i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography.
i will not go into the details here as the online sites (stevesdigicams previews) go into great depth in their reviews but i am very pleased with the features the speed the picture quality the flexibility the automation and the functional conveniences this camera offers.
this is a good deal for music and data storage.
this is my second creative labs mp3 player and it is definitely a fine product.
also, the display is" hinged" and it can be placed in a myriad of positions or to protect it against any damage.
it is only slightly heavier than the ipod and has a longer battery life.
for instance i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd (w) and + r (w) and it plays the dvds.
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs.
learning how to use it will not take very long.
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version.
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling.
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again.
to keep it short this is cheaper and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod.
by the way it looks nice also.
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder.
i especially like the more commonly used buttons such as play pause and stop to be larger and conveniently placed.
software - the software is crap.
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance (less than 2 ft) .
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated.
we are overall pleased with product.
no line out jack - as i said there is none.
you are going to need to buy new headphones the stock ones suck
excellent range of metering options as well.
2) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it.
all in all though I am very happy with my new mp3 player.
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy.
f) it does not look pretty -- spending this kind of cash you want something that has the aesthetics bit down of course
however, the creative software is not real intuitive.
I have had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose.
i had no problems following their installation instructions.
when we tried to hook up the first one it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door.
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display.
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies.
the prints are beautiful !
4mp 4x optical zoom takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all the above 5mp cameras easy to understand and use (has a great swivel lcd screen) a lot of features and add-on options comes with great software (not to be overlooked) and last but by far not least received my fiancé is stamp of approval (two thumbs up ! )
the player's software is very easy to use and very good.
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder i highly recommend the camera.
the eax sound enhancement feature did not do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq.
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector.
i found it intuitive to use (i did not read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes) .
nothing but hassle with this company.
oh, and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver.
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows" no disc. "
→ does not recognize player at random times despite being connected and displaying player's library.
the sound is indeed excellent and the form factor is not bad (but still rather larger than i had expected) . .
loved the slim design.
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera.
but if you are looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player i love it !
i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the" rigor" of a business traveler.
i like the auto-fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd's too normal.
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad.
a few of my work constituents owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality.
it did also seem to have a strong" new electronics" smell for some time.
the environmental audio however is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it (i encode my songs at 192-256 kbs without variable bit rates. )
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
- best in class sound
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas.
other tagging problems result (i think) from the nomad's operating system.
at first i thought it is only an isolated incident but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my" alias" dvds as well.
i am quite happy with the camera.
I have now had the camera for two months and I am even more pleased with it.
i must have differing preferences than others here as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony's that i thought sounded good on other players.
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk.
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex.
the music is easy to get to (all the menus are easy to understand despite what a lot of i-pod owners say) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online then you can do the same with the zen.
i use this with a home theater system, and it is amazing how it sounds the picture clarity is unmatched !
however, for a $600 - $800 budget i think this camera is an excellent choice.
the dvd player does not work properly.
i will never buy a creative product again.
anyway this player is a great deal and i really love it.
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod but i have gotten use to them and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price.
the songs do not play one after another like on a cd.
lots of sound options has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options.
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice.
this is by far the nicest one in so many ways.
besides the one problem this machine is amazing !
the creative labs zen extra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get is from amazon your only going to pay $300 for this great player.
i have to say I am also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg mp3 and mpeg files stored on cars / dvds.
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you will use all the time.
i highly recommend it.
(batteries last longer too ! )
- the top that covered the battery kept hoping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch.
have tried to contact apex via e-mail (customerservice@apexdigital.com) but the e-mail address is not valid.
many of our disney movies do not play on this dvd player.
much cheaper than i-pod good-looking player (beautiful blue back-lit screen) if you have read about the player some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on but this is good because the face does not get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
I have had it for a week now do not regret the purchase one bit and i never leave home without it.
crappy headphones.
in fact I would have to rate it among the worst I have ever encountered.
i thought it was just the player but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media.
it was not as easy to fast-forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman.
the kenny will keep running for the price of a replacement battery just like any other battery-powered appliance.
the zoom goes up and down in magnification which is nice but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings.
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could not play all my dvds and now the player cannot play everything.
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0.
quite simply the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time.
also, i cannot understand why the software does not ignore" the" when it lists the cds in alphabetical order.
there are a lot of things i like about it.
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could not get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with.
my" fast-forward" button works but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go.
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd's to play.
it is great sounding even with the supplied earbuds.
overall : small sounds great and less expensive than apple's overpriced ipod !
definetely a great camera.
i took it to my father's house to play a tom jones concert dvd, and he loved the player so much i gave it to him.
the earbuds that come with it are not that bad.
another irrigation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on.
it sure does !
the battery is nice.
i tried to play the song three times with no success.
it takes great pictures operates quickly and feels solid.
but for now it appears that this player does not play well with itunes.
bottom line ... great product unbeatable price.
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot i was able to produce excellent stop action photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced.
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle but since i use the lcd most of the time this is not really much of a bother to me.
well just one con - it is not really plug and play at first i mean it is very confusing to start the program but one you do it is will be a breeze.
this camera is worth every penny and i highly recommend it !
only one disk played through to completion successfully.
1) a spare battery would have been great.
- large easy readable screen
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it (naturally on 31 days after purchase) the dvd player froze.
i love it ! !
update : the finish is more" mirror" than silver -- and i like it !
- the software that came with it was tough to load.
my jpeg pictures are viewable (not so sharp and vivid) on my 27" screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17" monitor.
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made. .
also, the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those awful earphones that this came with.
they are pretty comfortable stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality.
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens.
i love this camera.
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature to find out more just log on to canon's website.
so far the software for the pc works easily.
without any tweaking at all if the exposure is accurate the colors are as realistic as I have ever seen produced by film and this is a raw image !
will never purchase apex again.
first the sound quality is okay but (as at least one other reviewer has mentioned) the eax can because audio interference after about 30 minutes.
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours, and they did not help at all.
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away with easy to use and understand features software that is simple to understand and use and a great sound (which is all that matters in a mp3 player) .
the software is very easy to use and within 30 minutes of opening my box i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds.
also, very light and portable.
first the player's sound quality is superior to the ipod.
* software is absolutely terrible :
forget about the sleek looks if it cannot play some of your real dvds.
as a whole the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine.
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers.
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls especially the scroll wheel.
this is extremely lame.
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful.
the remote is a little hard to understand.
controls are a bit awkward.
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $40 that can play almost everything you throw at it.
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far.
the quick sync is not any good because it either needs to be configured properly or just is not very useful.
b) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner.
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models.
great feature list poor reliability.
and the remote is cheap and cheesy - not sure how long it will last but for 50 bucks what the heck !
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it.
apex sucks !
unfortunately it cannot play all the dvd.
so far we have only used this player a few times to watch movies, and it has worked fine.
i love the eos based controls and easy menus.
i tried as a bunch of different formats to see if it would play, and it did.
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus.
the case is strong and stylish but unfortunately lacks a window (now a big deal) .
feels solid in hand.
i forgot the case does not fit.
very sleek stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has.
the only thing I am concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing.
it would only transfer 30 or so songs and then come up with an error.
this thing is trash.
the player feels very delicate as if I am holding an actual hard drive.
unlike some of the other people who received a" lemon" my dvd player came in perfect working condition.
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd's such as alias season 1 and season 2.
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button.
owner's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide.
the included earbuds were uncomfortable.
they play just about everything but 2 and 3 died very shortly after getting them.
it gives great pictures the controls are easy to use the battery lasts forever on one single charge the software is very user-friendly, and it is beautiful in it chrome casing.
of course i was hesitant given the price but I have been extremely impressed since receiving it and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents.
this product is too fragile for normal use.
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was not as easy as i would have liked.
the scroll wheel to be blunt sucks.
fm receiver - it has none.
we tried the" finding nemo" dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 the frames started to freeze for no reason.
this product sucks the customer service from apex sucks.
i brought it for my sister in college, and she loves it !
who knows how many uses you will get out of it before it craps out but it probably will.
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too steep.
I have had the player for about 2 years now, and it still performs nicely except an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor.
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen extra, but it was not a big problem.
the power shot g3 is a great camera.
the player kept displaying" no disc" so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ * !
also, i have not had trouble reading svcd that i created and vbr mp3 cds (my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these) .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open (my prey. machine did it automatically) and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance.
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment for myself and for my parents for whom it was a gift.
the camera is a dream to operate in autocode but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority shutter priority and manual modes.
its silver magnesium finish is stunning and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera I have seen.
but about 25 % of dvd's I have played on it have a problem when watching a movie the picture will freeze but the dvd still plays and eventually the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments.
one good thing it is 40 gb of disk space (well it is 38 gb in reality) .
another point of note : the battery life is incredible !
I have been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow car boat and wind.
one bad thing though i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably' die' before the player does.
apex does not answer the phone.
1. the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility.
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle or not even be read at all.
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once but it has not done it since.
it is embarrassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less than 3 months ago is no longer working.
it works great.
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera.
the only downside i see is that it does not look like you can manage playlists from the nomad it has to be done from the computer.
it is not a listed feature but the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video.
the storage capacity is great.
I would highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like.
after hooking the thing up i found that it would only play less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it.
i was unable to achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with" bass boost. "
way less expensive than the ipod.
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it will not play certain disney and other dvd movies (no disc message) .
the sound is excellent the battery life is excellent the fact that the battery is replaceable is excellent and finally the price $200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod is excellent.
unfortunately this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted.
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones or external receivers (car radio).
the sound quality is excellent (and I am fussy with that stuff) the unit looks cool screen is bright and easy to read and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod (besides the price but everyone knows that) .
the more i work with it the more i love it !
it is very simple to import via photo 2 and then move them to photoshop.
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player.
the grain was terrible.
2) storage capacity
i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size.
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours it is actually a little less but still good.
it is more than 90 days, and it does not show the picture no matter what i do.
all reviews I have seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxes (ipod arches dell samsung) .
in terms of the shots taken this camera is insanely great !
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
it was (i sold it after a few months) too expensive for the shots that i got.
1) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and media source to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to win detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it.
i recommend unreservedly the power shot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
because of it is hidden features (no macro vision non-regional) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd's.
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography.
progressive scan player for a relatively low price (although the better known manufacturers like toshiba pioneer and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well) .
this was an awesome player before the video output no longer worked (after about 3 weeks) .
also, the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those awful earphones that this came with.
finding a particular song (s) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy.
software is easy to use (although red hat software is better but costs money)
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd.
i just bought this player today and i already love it.
either way cannot go wrong with this price.
the sound from the player is ok.
also, for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video with lots of color bleeding compared to a component connection (should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27" tv).
all the buttons necessary little' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand.
the g3 is loaded with many useful features and unlike many smaller digital cameras it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds.
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line but they will not answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy.
i have no complaints with this mp3 player.
this is a nice feature (i.e. it is early in the morning, and you rather listen to" easy listening" rather than" heavy metal" - no problem.
there was occasionally a lip sync issue (the lips were not moving in time to the dialogue) .
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything.
not plug play relies on id3 no fm or recording
i liked this one enough to buy another.
have used it frequently and have had no problems.
despite the things that i have listed so far i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work to the gym in the car etc..
I have had this thing for less than a month treated it quite well never dropped it and the headphone jack is all screwed up.
overall it is the best camera on the market.
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy and has an awkward tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera.
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 (in conjunction with my professional flash system) and can easily put up with the cameras limitations because I have never seen anything better within its resolution limits.
i tried calling the support number for a week several times a day and always got a busy signal.
6. the zen no battery requires the ac adapter to recharge it does not charge by usb cable this is not tragic but usb recharging would be a convenient (additional) choice.
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have not had any problems.
it feels slow to focus and unbearably slow to shoot.
unit took forever since the beginning to recognize and play discs.
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days it just would not recognize anything i pop in it.
this is the best dvd player I have purchased.
the instructions that come with it do not explain how to make things simple.
just a little overview power shot g3 is the flagship of canon's power shot series and it is a strike camera its 4 megapixel and (almost) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance.
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder.
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - do not buy this product !
unfortunately it turns out to be the" disposable" type.
the pictures are fabulous and there is a (short) learning curve to it there are tons of features i have not even gotten to.
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre no other division.
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
the screen may be a little smaller but it is very readable and does not come in the overused blue.
it works well enough (so far) for me to be satisfied with it and it is possible that I am missing something.
also, the feature to automatically put in the song information is not always accurate.
e) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
it seems to be working fine but we have not used it all that much.
the canon computer software used to download sort upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use.
5. the zen does not have a stop button !
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available.
other than that this thing is great ...
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight.
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it is that good !
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used.
the zen extra sounds great with good headphone and well record mp3s.
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging.
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery.
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior.
bottom line well-made camera easy to use very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and sense / filters choices.
nice palm sized unit somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you are not going to try jog with it or something.
mixed bag i guess, but the price was right.
the extra improves upon the zen no with a larger now-blue backlit screen which is infinitely better.
but I have already emailed creative tech support about it and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary . .
it is made of plastic.
software definitely sucks hangs up my notebook about half the time but i do not mind buying nomad.
very comfortable camera easy to use and the best digital photos you are going to get at this price.
it plays alternate video formats (cds svcd cds) very well.
this is quite simply the best you can ask for.
i hate apex but love amazon and i tell everyone.
overall i like it.
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera.
now i know why - they are pieces of junk.
with the automatic settings i really have not taken a bad picture yet.
it is slightly larger than an ipod no doubt about it.
headphones suck i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature.
this has so many capabilities that you will always have room for new technologies as they evolve.
the software is somewhat nice to look at using it is not the easiest.
having used it for more than a month i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos.
I have attempted to connect this unit to several tvs using a multitude of connection methods and i still cannot get a video signal from the machine.
yeah, i agree the earbuds are pretty crap replace them.
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software.
another reason i got it is because you can put ma files on it.
simply the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point.
have tried calling (866-4apexgo) but cannot get through.
they will not respond to my emails (promised turnaround time is 24 hours) and the phone line is constantly busy.
after two weeks the picture kept freezing.
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks . .
remote buttons are small and closely spaced especially with the menu buttons.
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range.
this is my first digital camera and i am very pleased with it.
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile.
in a word " awesome" is how i would describe this camera.
having spent considerable time with professional video gear i find onscreen displays annoying.
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system and the traveling case it comes with.
it is some protection for the unit but for usability forget it.
will not play a lot of discs.
i am really impressed by this dvd player.
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was not in tightly, and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage.
i hope it is because it is new, and they are not out yet but being without a remote is hard.
in fact, it caused my system to hang more times than not so i uninstalled it and stuck with media source 100 %.
but canon never fails to amaze.
i purchased a jukebox it got fried while being recharged they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for reaping the damned thing.
also, it was only $39.99 (after rebate) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player.
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand but with my experience and reading the other reviews i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product.
for the price it is a well spent investment !
i think apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price.
contrary to what I have read elsewhere the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon.
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones.
finally, making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually and are organized by cd which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order.
the dvd player is fine.
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware.
some movies it played yesterday it will not play today.
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvds fill of files (e. mp3s) .
i cannot write enough positive things about this great little camera !
i have ice age, and it keeps telling me no disc.
so easy to set up had some problems with my arches.
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds.
no matter the format.
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward but i can deal with that.
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away !
3) user replaceable battery
well within 45 days the video output quit working (both rca optic) .
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audio 2 no (on the pc) . .
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod.
the one i purchased for a friend as a gift will not read any dvd disc.
it did play a dvd which was unplayable in my older philips machine.
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software.
2) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera (semi-serious amateur photographer)
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd's after the frustration and aggravation of getting the player to do it is job.
works great !
so I have had it for a month and the headphone jack went out.
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button.
1. the size is a little bigger than the ipod and it weighs a little more.
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping.
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative.
manual functionality is excellent downloading pictures is quick and a breeze and the quality is astounding.
have had problems since the first day
3. the remote capture and file viewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing.
the tiny (postage-stamp sized) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter it can also be used to zoom and review pictures.
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does not seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as (i believe) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked.
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures (purple fringing etc.) so i am very pleased.
the screen is very easy to read, and the blue light is bright enough to read at night but dim enough, so it does not blind you when you stare too long.
this thing plays everything i feed it.
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8.
it will not play 80 % of my movies which are all store bough ten.
the picture is perfect although I am not watching on a hdtv.
it is great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen.
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it.
i love the quality of the pictures.
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right.
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
I have only had it a week but so far everything about this camera is making me happy.
great colors pictures and white balance.
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing.
also, the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display so even though the side controls are reachable i have to open it up to see the display.
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330.
I have had no problems at all so far and I am very happy.
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket.
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use (hardware and software) playback quality and value for the price.
3. mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws.
compared to music match the software has a better filing system and easier to use.
the cons are not really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it is based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where separated into folders (on the pc) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did not have any that might be the same as another.
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long (which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through) it will get" stuck" rapidly going through the songs and will not stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it.
now that i have all my music on it there has not been any more problems.
the sound is excellent but a tip : get a real pair of headphones.
all-in-all i believe this is arguably the best nonuser digital camera on the market.
d) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate crashes frequently screwed my music library up does not work with mp4s the list goes on and on
it also has unproven battery life.
bought the 30gb extra a couple of weeks ago and so far it has been excellent.
it is slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features.
i have owned this camera for a short time and would not give it up for anything.
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap and it is a bit slow between shots.
3) with media source being so easy i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software.
2. despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality i experienced a flaw using eax.
it would just spin up and stop and display" no disc" .
this thing seriously is a good player though.
however, it has failed to deliver on quality.
4) the viewfinder is bordered lcd scoring.
this is a great camera for you !
1) frame freezes and the family yells " dad ! something is wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
i loved it until it broke but less than a month is not an acceptable period of time for something to work.
but if you have used a slr 35 mm camera the controls are very intuitive !
i tried to contact apex to return it (i missed the amazon return period) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept.
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because as other reviewers have pointed out the construction is pretty flimsy.
i recently purchased the canon power shot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase.
software downloads on the site crashed my pc.
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so it does not show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names you must cycle through every zoom setting (2x 3x 4x 1/2x etc.) before getting back to normal size [sorry if I am just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly] .
i am annoyed that the player's not automatically recognized as a hard drive.
the software sucks.
four megapixels are great.
if you do not have tags it will lump all of your tracks into the same directory, and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders.
the nomad is not ugly it is not that big it comfortably fits in my pocket or heavy and the controls are not hard to get used to.
for some this might be a problem but for the price of a 30 gig ipod you can get a 60gb nomad the ipod simply pales in comparison.
the front door is miss aligned on my unit, and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close a very annoying thing after awhile.
my one issue with the media source software is that despite pulling id3 tag data from the cds service the ripping process fails to populate the" year" field.
2) music organization is based on id3 (by genre artist album etc.) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information.
i am very pleased with it so far.
2) the body construction - buttons casing etc. are too plastic.
unlike my 3 other mp3 players this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks.
the only thing i do not like about this is the cover does suck.
sure it is a little bigger than the ipod but not by much.
because of this i am disappointed and would not recommend this product.
their customer (www.apexdigitalinc.com) service is very poor.
my case does not close ... maybe mine was just faulty but the case is not that great.
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical.
i think this is it is biggest flaw.
the moveable lcd screen is great.
I have tried playing all of these discs, and they all play great.
after using it for just a month i could not play any dvd.
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up.
door broke after a month.
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll.
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do not purchase it.
the front cover (which you remove to take out the battery) feels flimsy but when snapped on the device still feels pretty solid.
the camera was a marvel.
although canon's batteries are proprietary they last a really long time recharge fairly quickly in the camera plus if you want' more power' you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon.
the g3 looks like a work of art !
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs though the latter was not mentioned in the literature I would scanned before buying.
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely (see other negative reviews-my unit was not the only one this happened to. )
ripping your songs and creating playlists could not be any easier.
first the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds.
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play.
but when we went to use it again there was sound but no picture.
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do not have them.
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly but there is no difference in working with the files.
the image quality is excellent.
it is very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout and it has a great feature set.
set up was easy, and we enjoyed it for just over a week.
4. the shape of this device is a little squarer without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking.
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros.
but the major problem i had was with the software.
(on here of course) also a couple dvd's would not play, and they were new ones !
even after reading some of the instructions it is still hard to figure out.
audio is excellent.
the 30gb zen extra rocks my socks spills my beer but does not wash my car.
silverish color really adds a special touch.
it is a very intuitive program.
granted i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player.
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture zoom etc.
price along with the replaceable battery (which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad.
the nomad jukebox zen extra is a very good mp3 player, but the software is it gets hurt.
best electronic I have bought since i was born.
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out.
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites.
it looks really sleek and stylish and does everything it claims.
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well something a lot of' carrying cases' fail to do with other audio devices.
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select you have to push straight in, or it sticks.
i love the storage in this thing.
2) scroll button / switch
both are very easy to learn use and intuitive enough for even a novice.
the picture is clear bright and sharp and the sound is good.
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box.
but at least you are starting with the most photorealistic images I have ever seen from a camera.
overall the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams from a detail tonal balance and color response point of view.
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ?
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options.
1. creative media source software is ok to rip catalog burn music if you are starting from scratch but i used music match to rip my cds before i bought the zen (278 cds 3400 tracks 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps) and guess what ?
size - bigger than the ipod
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player get the nomad.
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models I have had.
simple to use and hook up.
remote : you can stand it on end (harder to lose) and it is far better designed than the 1100s.
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot.
however, it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my dive rips.
after i had it a couple of weeks it got into a state where it could never find the device no matter how often i rebooted my pc reset the device reloaded drivers etc. etc. creative's online support was no help at all.
but at the same time it takes wonderful pictures very easily in" auto" mode so that even an average joe like me can use it !
* lens visible in optical viewfinder.
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome.
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it.
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh flat images with ugly hot spots.
battery life the drawback to most digital cameras to quote k. reeves.
navigation could be better but there is not really anything the zen extra cannot do once you have gotten comfortable with it.
this is ridiculous.
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both.
good looks
the sound is excellent but a tip : get a real pair of headphones.
i try navigating using the player's built in menu and it still would not work !
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
it plays everything even vcd's.
i really have no complaints over this unit.
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds.
2) the remote works but then it does not work and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong.
2. the scroll button is not the best as it sometimes can be hard to select.
I am glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology
the entire unit was poorly crafted.
while light, it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets.
not only is it functional and runs super smooth fast but it is also eye candy.
1) fragile (i broke the 1st one within 10 days)
it is low to profile space-saving design looks nice.
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason.
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides.
so now it still plays everything you just cannot see it !
seems to read most dvds fine and reads quietly (i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise) .
you feel like you are holding something of substance not some cheap plastic toy.
basic usage is easy but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have not used.
I have tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered.
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player.
one still works fine the other quit after one day.
with canon, you get pictures that appear to be photos not still camcorder shots.
very bad quality.
this camera has canon's great calorimetry plus what you see in the lcd is what you get.
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with.
when it came down to it the price on this player is hard to beat.
they claim to respond in a 24-hour period, yet it is been 2 weeks without a reply.
for the most part this is a good dvd player.
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it.
the blue-screen display in the kenny extra model is an improvement but the toggle switch is still tricky.
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd.
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be.
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen extra 30 gb is the software.
ripping transferring tunes is basic and pretty fast (even on a 1.1 usb) .
the player usually plays dvd's but has occasional problems such as : 1) not recognizing a dvd 2) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd.
i can only hear the sound but no picture !
3) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing.
first the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does not support a folder structure.
on the subject of headphones this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
i found using media source to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer.
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compact flash card and for most purposes it is not enough.
the g3 has most if not all the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography.
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to.
on the subject of headphones this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
* main dial is not backlit.
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh not a big deal.
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough.
c) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
1) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do not want to bother with the settings.
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use.
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price.
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays.
the first one we installed did not work and our kids were devastated to say the least.
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu.
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be at best a 40gb portable hard drive albeit one on which i cannot create folders or at worst a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again (i have their audio sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating) .
in other words the zen is not a convenient data storage device only buy the capacity you need for your music collection (see point 1. for some sizing information) .
good quality video.
the controls are on the side instead of on the front which i like because that is where my thumb is when i hold the thing !
seemed like a good deal but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes " no disc" .
no way to contact their customer service.
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating.
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap is uncomfortable to use.
for example i tried playing my new" pirates of the caribbean" extra features dvd but this dvd player can not read it.
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disappointed !
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable.
i still have over 19gb left and already have over 200 cd's on it.
the camera has a wonderful set of features.
also, the instruction manual is very bad.
deficiencies with kenny are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ($20 +) and software ($25).
on several occasions it has displayed" no disc" with a disc inside.
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing.
I am a happier person after discovering the i/p button !
those used to 35 mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use.
canon's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better.
the build quality feels solid it does not shake or whine while playing discs and the picture and sound is top-notch (both dts and dd5.1 sound good) .
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer panasonic and jc players.
took hundreds of pictures and they were great.
transfering is easy the software makes everything pretty easy.
one of the dvd's i received as a christmas present kept freezing.
this is the third apex product I have bought, and they continue to impress for the price.
got way too many blurry pictures.
I have been using the g3 for about six weeks, and it has proven itself to be all that it is advertised.
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use.
finally, amazon's free shipping is really getting good it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used.
5) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control.
the menus are very easy to navigate.
I have had no problems with the software.
i only wanted something to play dvds on, but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use, but it is nice to know that there  are.
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display.
as a portable player it should feel a bit more durable.
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
→ will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles (if you have live albums or greatest hits albums this will because you inordinate frustration).
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want.
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well.
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time otherwise i would get a no disc screen.
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres.
proven canon built quality and lens.
it took several days of attempts before things finally" worked" again and i have not a clue why.
i just received my 40gb zen extra yesterday and I am extremely pleased with it.
this thing is great i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records.
creative labs' customer support website is useless.
i have not had time to really push this player to the limit but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory as should be expected from creative labs.
I have had the player for about 2 years now, and it still performs nicely except an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor.
apex's website is down and they will not answer their phone.
everything else about the camera is great.
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros.
the software which comes with player is not good at all.
a little weighty (9 ounces ... no biggie) but otherwise fine.
but dollar for dollar this dvd player is probably the best out there.
the zen extra will transfer the files to the player but not the folder name.
i will never use all the" whistles and bells" this machine is capable of.
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos !
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to, but it is not as bad as some reviewers have indicated.
to my amazement even that process was error-prone.
still i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !
the headphones are not the best but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity.
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does not sync with contact lists phone numbers address books ect. like the ipod (which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device) .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house that one did not work either !
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu, and it would not do it !
this player seems to work fine with everything else.
canon's g3 does it consistently.
only used for 3 months before it is down !
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking by artist song title genre etc.
we tried it out christmas night, and it worked great.
1) price / gb of storage
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped.
up down left and right would have given me better control.
getting the program to install properly has been a living he will experience.
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there.
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
- included creative software is pretty poor.
it looks great - and is loaded with features.
longer battery life greater accessibility to online music services and pc compatibility are the sensibilities.
it is kind of heavy kind of like having a walkman.
depressing the scroll button (for selecting) is not always responsive.
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd cd dvd audio cd, and it played all
night mode is clear as day.
the explorer program did shut down a couple of times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did not have to reboot the computer or anything just open up explorer again.
the zoom lens unit feels fragile, and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot.
the menus are easy to navigate, and the buttons are easy to use.
finally, you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600.
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has.
had there been strange noises or obvious defects i would have accepted a replacement but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i, for one, do not intend on waiting for patches.
in the hands of someone who does not it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode.
i know the saying is" you get what you pay for" but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse.
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was not sure how long it would last.
a) the picture quality (color and sharpness of focusing) are so great it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : -) )
overall i like the unit.
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it.
not perfect (yes the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances. but the lcd works well enough in those instances) not the cheapest 4.0 mp but the best 4.0 mp.
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button, but that was a fairly painless process as well.
not perfect (yes the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances. but the lcd works well enough in those instances) not the cheapest 4.0 mp but the best 4.0 mp.
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player.
bookmarks for example are an excellent feature ... but not on this player . .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer.
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well.
that is a rare and valuable feature.
the software is great.
the top did not fit well into the unit. (felt defective)
the battery is replaceable (a real plus) and there is a leather case (another real plus) .
well this apex dvd player turned out great !
my only significant complaint is sound quality.
i bought it for my trip to beings airs and also used it at the isuzu falls and could not have asked for more perfect performance !
zennx's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of kenny over ipod.
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed.
we have had this product for over a month, and yesterday it stopped working.
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : (1) yes the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder however the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder.
i checked out the amazon reviews and I am pleased to say mine worked works fine right out of the box.
whether you are a novice or an expert its ease of use and functionality goes together.
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied.
it played only one out of three dvd's without problems the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches.
i gave the zen 5 stars because it is excellent for the class that it is in, and it is not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class.
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap (it is not very snug and can come off too easily) and the lens itself (it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd) .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window, so you could see the screen and if the button did not cover up the ac jack.
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that is inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait.
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash where it belongs.
the interface used could be better designed.
the navigation is nice enough but scrolling and searching through thousands of tracks hundreds of albums or artists or even dozens of genres is not conducive to save driving.
the extended zoom range and faster sense put it at the top of it is class.
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window.
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do not figure out a way to break it.
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority (for high speed subjects) aperture priority (for focal length) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality.
in any case navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders.
3) folders cannot be created for the audio files.
i love my new nomad it is great !
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen extra 40gb, and it is fantastic !
the camera's a work of art / science -- that is understood.
sure it had all the features but when i tried to shoot a girl's basketball game it just want up to the task.
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop shutter speed and even focus.
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective.
otherwise, this player is awesome !
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder but does not detract from the image at all.
for the money apex machines have good features.
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it (jpeg kodak pic's and dvd) i have read other reviews and some good and room not so good but my feeling at this time is" two thumbs up" !
even with these shortcomings i still think it is the best digital camera available under $1200.
and the case how did this ever make it out of quality control.
i did not manage to make creative nomad explorer to work.
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand.
so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance also anyone who wants a hard drive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing.
otherwise, it is difficult to figure out and awkward.
this is my first digital camera and i could not be happier.
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .
it is a very amazing product.
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category.
it is a bit cumbersome and i cannot get to the songs i want as quickly.
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and does not respond, but it may be just operator error ?
I have tried the welkin fm transmitter unit with it is worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment.
another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others I have seen.
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .
great quality picture and features.
→ you will be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best.
(i knew this beforehand and it is not that bad) there is no tiff format.
difficult navigation - i will not necessarily say" difficult " but i do not enjoy the scroll wheel to navigate.
minor complaints : 1) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable.
b) the lens cover is surely loose i already accident fingerprinted the len a few times and au lens tight and because potential damage.
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine.
the remote is okay but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons.
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion (i do not like it too but no harm done since i always use the came lcd screen to see exactly what I am going to get) in the viewfinder when you do not zoom (when you zoom the lens distortion goes away) canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon that is what most exactly ot the picture.
i have not played with all the features yet but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it.
the face-plate which pops out for the battery pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so.
noiseless lightweight and oh yeah.
while there are flaws with the machine the extra gets five stars because of its affordability.
it has never worked.
best camera ever. from the image quality color function i can say almost everything.
and it holds suitor much music and audio files.
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were not moving the photos were awesome.
2) not very economical - you will find even for a point-and-shoot lens)
nothing has broken on it and it plays all the dvds i have.
there are a couple of things i did not like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light the software takes some time to get used to (maybe 10-15 mins) and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall.
first and foremost it will take better pic's than most film camera's.
about 10 % of the time it cannot find the device when i attach it to my pc.
the photo quality is amazing and i know I am going to have fun with all the features.
i was willing to live with the larger size (inconvenient on the road) but the durability was a big zero.
the ad-1600 did not work correctly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up.
my dad also has an apex tv, and it was another great value for the money.
not counting the time i spent editing the songs (i suppose i should have done it anyway on my pc) the transfer was pretty painless.
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with" canned air. "
2. battery life is over 4.5 hours compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikon.
this is my first digital camera and what a' toy' it is !
